ACCS-365: Payment Services: Stored Cards at Checkout (#821)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/containers/index.mdx

| Container | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| [ApplePay](/dropins/payment-services/containers/apple-pay/) | Displays Apple Pay for the Payment Services drop-in. |

> | [CreditCard](/dropins/payment-services/containers/credit-card/) | Renders the credit or debit card form (and optional “save this card” for signed-in shoppers). |

Reviewer: looks like we are using curly double quotes instead of normal quotes

> | [CreditCard](/dropins/payment-services/containers/credit-card/) | Renders the credit or debit card form (and optional “save this card” for signed-in shoppers). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [CreditCard](/dropins/payment-services/containers/credit-card/) | Renders the credit or debit card form, including an optional **Save this card** option for signed-in shoppers. |
```
